content/6-Self-evaluation/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Self-Assessment"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
weight: 6
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 6. </b> "
---

{{% notice warning %}}
⚠️ **Note:** The information below is for reference purposes only. Please **do not copy it verbatim** into your report, including this warning.
{{% /notice %}}

During my internship at **[Company/Organization Name]** from **[start date]** to **[end date]**, I had the opportunity to learn, practice, and apply the knowledge acquired in school to a real-world working environment.  
I participated in **[briefly describe the main project or task]**, through which I improved my skills in **[list skills: programming, analysis, reporting, communication, etc.]**.  

In terms of work ethic, I always strived to complete tasks well, complied with workplace regulations, and actively engaged with colleagues to improve work efficiency.

To objectively reflect on my internship period, I would like to evaluate myself based on the following criteria:

| No. | Criteria                            | Description                                                                                      | Good | Fair | Average |
| --- | ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---- | ---- | ------- |
| 1   | **Professional knowledge & skills** | Understanding of the field, applying knowledge in practice, proficiency with tools, work quality | ✅    | ☐    | ☐       |
| 2   | **Ability to learn**                | Ability to absorb new knowledge and learn quickly                                                | ☐    | ✅    | ☐       |
| 3   | **Proactiveness**                   | Taking initiative, seeking out tasks without waiting for instructions                            | ✅    | ☐    | ☐       |
| 4   | **Sense of responsibility**         | Completing tasks on time and ensuring quality                                                    | ✅    | ☐    | ☐       |
| 5   | **Discipline**                      | Adhering to schedules, rules, and work processes                                                 | ☐    | ☐    | ✅       |
| 6   | **Progressive mindset**             | Willingness to receive feedback and improve oneself                                              | ☐    | ✅    | ☐       |
| 7   | **Communication**                   | Presenting ideas and reporting work clearly                                                      | ☐    | ✅    | ☐       |
| 8   | **Teamwork**                        | Working effectively with colleagues and participating in teams                                   | ✅    | ☐    | ☐       |
| 9   | **Professional conduct**            | Respecting colleagues, partners, and the work environment                                        | ✅    | ☐    | ☐       |
| 10  | **Problem-solving skills**          | Identifying problems, proposing solutions, and showing creativity                                | ☐    | ✅    | ☐       |
| 11  | **Contribution to project/team**    | Work effectiveness, innovative ideas, recognition from the team                                  | ✅    | ☐    | ☐       |
| 12  | **Overall**                         | General evaluation of the entire internship period                                               | ✅    | ☐    | ☐       |

### Needs Improvement

* Strengthen discipline and strictly comply with the rules and regulations of the company or any organization  
* Improve problem-solving thinking  
* Enhance communication skills in both daily interactions and professional contexts, including handling situations effectively

Commit message:

Revise and expand Week 1, 10, 11 worklogs; add new events
Updated Week 1, 10, and 11 worklogs in both English and Vietnamese with more detailed objectives, tasks, and achievements, including expanded AWS concepts and hands-on activities. Added new event entries for Event 3 and Event 4, and removed obsolete event index files. These changes improve clarity, completeness, and alignment with the actual internship and workshop progress.

content/6-Self-evaluation/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Self-Assessment"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
weight: 6
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 6. </b> "
---

{{% notice warning %}}
⚠️ **Note:** The information below is for reference purposes only. Please **do not copy it verbatim** into your report, including this warning.
{{% /notice %}}

During my internship at **First Cloud Journey (FCJ)** from **08/09/2025** to **28/11/2025**, I had the opportunity to learn and practice AWS cloud services in a practical environment. 

I participated in learning core AWS services and built hands-on projects, through which I improved my skills in cloud computing, infrastructure design, serverless architecture, and technical documentation.

Throughout the internship period, I maintained a consistent learning attitude, completed weekly tasks as planned, and actively explored AWS services to deepen my understanding beyond basic tutorials.

To objectively reflect on my internship period, I would like to evaluate myself based on the following criteria:

| No. | Criteria                            | Description                                                                                      | Good | Fair | Average |
| --- | ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---- | ---- | ------- |
| 1   | **Professional knowledge & skills** | Understanding of the field, applying knowledge in practice, proficiency with tools, work quality | ☐    | ✅    | ☐       |
| 2   | **Ability to learn**                | Ability to absorb new knowledge and learn quickly                                                | ✅    | ☐    | ☐       |
| 3   | **Proactiveness**                   | Taking initiative, seeking out tasks without waiting for instructions                            | ☐    | ✅    | ☐       |
| 4   | **Sense of responsibility**         | Completing tasks on time and ensuring quality                                                    | ✅    | ☐    | ☐       |
| 5   | **Discipline**                      | Adhering to schedules, rules, and work processes                                                 | ☐    | ✅    | ☐       |
| 6   | **Progressive mindset**             | Willingness to receive feedback and improve oneself                                              | ✅    | ☐    | ☐       |
| 7   | **Communication**                   | Presenting ideas and reporting work clearly                                                      | ☐    | ✅    | ☐       |
| 8   | **Teamwork**                        | Working effectively with colleagues and participating in teams                                   | ☐    | ✅    | ☐       |
| 9   | **Professional conduct**            | Respecting colleagues, partners, and the work environment                                        | ✅    | ☐    | ☐       |
| 10  | **Problem-solving skills**          | Identifying problems, proposing solutions, and showing creativity                                | ☐    | ✅    | ☐       |
| 11  | **Contribution to project/team**    | Work effectiveness, innovative ideas, recognition from the team                                  | ☐    | ✅    | ☐       |
| 12  | **Overall**                         | General evaluation of the entire internship period                                               | ☐    | ✅    | ☐       |

### Needs Improvement

* Improve practical troubleshooting skills when encountering complex AWS configuration issues
* Develop deeper understanding of cost optimization strategies beyond basic concepts
* Enhance ability to design complete architectures independently without reference materials
* Strengthen knowledge of security best practices and compliance requirements
* Build more confidence in explaining technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences
