content/3-BlogsTranslated/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Translated Blogs"
date: 2024-01-01T00:00:00+07:00
weight: 3
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 3. </b> "
---

{{% notice warning %}}
⚠️ **Note:** The information below is for reference purposes only. Please **do not copy verbatim** for your own report, including this warning.
{{% /notice %}}

This section will list and introduce the blogs you have translated. For example:

###  [Blog 1 - Getting started with healthcare data lakes: Using microservices](3.1-Blog1/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

###  [Blog 2 - ...](3.2-Blog2/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

###  [Blog 3 - ...](3.3-Blog3/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

###  [Blog 4 - ...](3.4-Blog4/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

###  [Blog 5 - ...](3.5-Blog5/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

###  [Blog 6 - ...](3.6-Blog6/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

Commit message:

Update worklogs, proposals, and blogs content
Added 'date' frontmatter to multiple worklog and blog files for consistency. Updated Week 10 worklog objectives and achievements to focus on AWS AI/ML services instead of security, in both English and Vietnamese. Fixed image paths in proposal files. Replaced Blog 3 content with a new article about Launchpad SaaS extensibility using AWS Lambda, and updated the Vietnamese translation accordingly. Removed Blog 4, 5, and 6 files from the BlogsTranslated section.

content/3-BlogsTranslated/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Translated Blogs"
date: 2024-01-01T00:00:00+07:00
weight: 3
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 3. </b> "
---

{{% notice warning %}}
⚠️ **Note:** The information below is for reference purposes only. Please **do not copy verbatim** for your own report, including this warning.
{{% /notice %}}

This section will list and introduce the blogs you have translated. For example:

###  [Blog 1 - Getting started with healthcare data lakes: Using microservices](3.1-Blog1/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

###  [Blog 2 - Advanced Techniques in AWS Glue for Complex ETL Operations](3.2-Blog2/)
This blog covers advanced techniques in AWS Glue, focusing on complex ETL operations to transform and process data at scale. Learn about dynamic frames, custom transformations, job bookmarks, and performance optimization strategies for handling large datasets efficiently.

###  [Blog 3 - How Launchpad from Pega Enables Secure SaaS Extensibility with AWS Lambda](3.3-Blog3/)
This blog explores how Pegasystems built Launchpad, a SaaS development platform using AWS Lambda for secure tenant code execution. Discover the architecture patterns, security best practices, and observability strategies for running untrusted code in multi-tenant environments at scale.
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.
